something crazy Kannapolis no no what
something amazing is going that all
right we're on our way to Vegas we're
gonna try to crash one of these events
involving the McGregor mayweather fight
it's gonna be one of the most legendary
attempts that we've ever had tried to
love crazy things but this is probably
the craziest one we're aiming for the
slam mother dunk
so this guy that we met on the Internet
his name is Zach Nelson he snuck into
the Florida nether Conor McGregor press
event in London one of the biggest ones
by forging tickets and he flew out from
the UK to come to Las Vegas give an
attempt that sneaking into either the
fight or the biggest after-party for
this event it's gonna be like legit
Ocean's eleven operation he's convinced
a millionaire to sleep at his mansion
legit like I don't know how you did it
we're gonna roll up to this guy's
mansion and plan the sneaking operation
from from that HQ random guys mentioned
that we've never met before I think
that's that's the one that's the mission
this is crazy
we've never met anybody here in Las
Vegas
[Music]
he's actual to get to the fight when you
meet him it honestly he's cool with us
being gay a hundred percent yeah yeah
Monte basically we reached out to him
over Airbnb six hours before a flight he
got back to us within like two minutes
and we didn't have a clue who the hell
he was but he throws like Vegas parties
and he's like mr. Vegas so over fight
weekend he's trying to sell a package
for a 100k or the whole house but all
weekend repair
what are you talking so he stays
actually yeah yeah Chris Brown actually
what's higher this place out 460k he
said no this meet you hi gentlemen
we have 30 hours to pour this pull this
crazy stunt off it's gonna be the
craziest one any of us have ever pulled
I'm so psyched that we have the master
of the con with regular mayweather
fights with us I was good right so yeah
I guess we started off by looking at the
kind of YouTube great Suwanee the guys
have been so hot is he's welcome fly in
contact with an unnamed source within
the t-mobile arena so he's obviously
hooked us up with a kind of employee
badge that's what makes you think if
we're gonna as employees like with the
pass
[Music]
printing passes okay check this out
oh no are the names different no no -
misspelled I'm an assistant director
assistant director Thomas is the cordon
at today for the lands the security was
just a dress rehearsal for the mall I
mean this is my boy I can't tell you his
name he's like a super Idol exec had to
win with my life put you on the list
plus five
but they got Fort Knox from there you're
gonna have to chimichenga your way into
the VIP area where McGregor and all his
folks are gonna be wait are we on the
list for the Riggin the guest list don't
mean much in Vegas I still keep end up
in the queue so you gotta hustle this
but you're talking about yes theater I'm
not down you guys
or there it is boys the day gentlemen is
when the boys are separated from the man
white suits employee entrance there's
nobody there did one there's a lot of
people staring at you and nobody else
there it's very hard I imagine because
everyone is paying attention and it's
just poking all of the story like that
is so easy
that's the media entrance that's the
general admission TV and they said no
all right so is that go here killed it
walking up to people that had the passes
the employee passes and the security
wristbands and we know exactly what's it
look like right now we don't know if
these are gonna get scanned at some
point but at least it looks like they'll
get us through the first cheeky security
checkpoint so we're gonna try to
photoshop magic Oz get our focus but I
mean you get the picture someone who's
been doing our work for me on my
Instagram I got a message
[Music]
what so this is Conor McGregor's no so
we had every other color we saw the
yellow we saw the red this is where you
know the team that's his head coach now
I think we might get the taste for it
today
Wow okay so we've got three different
groups the first group is Zac and Tom
as press and the past of kin legit
second group is those two guys and we're
going in as catering stuff might seem a
little bit funny but I'm confident
nominal competent sweet sweet sweet yeah
that's good to go let's go boy it seems
the building
[Music]
but we think we found the entrance goods
who's got tickets
[Music]
all right well I passed the first play
of security it literally just let me
walk through so now I'm trying to figure
out how though I'm gonna get through
that layer of security next one
my spaz doesn't scan I don't know where
to go east suite entry see how that
looks how are you guys doing
thank you my friend made it she like
made this custom thank you
hello that's a gun
tip right on this right here okay oh no
chip it's right there right
usually stick straight up
[Music]
like my boss all right I have never seen
one that's okay
you're perfect okay great
[Music]
alright well that was one of the
scariest moments of my life
i legit thought of it but to get
arrested i feel like they're almost the
rest of me I'm banned from being
anywhere near the stadium and they're
like if I see you again here anyway
like instantly ballistic legend came
down busted em right away and they put
me out I said you're Ben if you even buy
a ticket
that was honest life in jail I guess not
all of these are best
mr. back all right George let's listen
to the recap k trip us in hunt and it's
to rights over the carpark and then
right I'm skating I have a little bit of
social proof of the impossible bear sky
seen the employee entrance with no one
there three cops and two big battle
detectors walk straight in a little bit
confidence hey man how's it goin said
hey man where's your risk for another I
haven't been given yet straightaway he
notices snag up God he goes let me take
the tie one second before this match
where he's probably just seeing who I am
you took it off and over and I'm
catering or Ebay and they're like this
is a fate month either you're going to
jail William even but I'm leaving but as
soon as I was walking out ahead of saved
on his microphone there's a guy coming
out of the West Wing
take out of jail so now we've got Burris
for cuddle very good
this family
[Music]
all right so we are at this house right
now just lounging and waiting for the
next move figure out where the biggest
after-party is located and we're just
gonna try to sneak in
[Music]